N.L. said:
this is super helpful! yeah good point it would probably be better to go with 2
i tested with 3rd and 2nd degree but my noise might not have been large enough to make it apparent
both looked good
but yeah small window, 2nd degree is probably better
and good catch on t_window[3]! yes, it should be 2, thats a mistype
i tested with 3rd and 2nd degree but my noise might not have been large enough to make it apparent
I'd like to do a little trade study on this but i haven't had the time yet
I've got some ideas on potential studies as well. We should maybe discuss that as a potential action item later this afternoon.
also we're having an onnx issue. To integrate into the build, the platform wont accept any binary files. So we cant just drop in onnx models. Is there a good clean way of exporting and managing models that isn't binary like a .pt or .onnx

D. said: 
I put the feature range check into tactical. Some of the ranges look not possible to me but at least the framework is there
I haven't had a chance to implement anything in the build regarding smoothing. the platform looks like they will require our models in plaintext, so no binary at all. 

N.L. said:
do you mean we had like some crazy training paths? We could use a 3 sigma maybe 

D. said:
I am able to export it using into a json and then reload but there is still a raw data field of basically binary containing all of our weights and biases
 
N.L said:
and theyre ok with that?
 
D. said:
Like on the genre model the max values for some features look way higher than I would expect lol, would like to get T. to look at it too
But probably not. I can convert that rawdata field in the json to like floats or something myself but its kind of a hacky solution

N.L. said:
the json has the weights as actual numbers right?
 
D. said:
nope
 
import onnx
from google.protobuf import json_format
def onnx_to_json(onnx_path, json_path):
    # Load the ONNX model    
    model = onnx.load(onnx_path)
    # Convert the ONNX model to JSON    
    model_json = json_format.MessageToJson(model)
    # Write to file
    with open(json_path, 'w') as f:
        f.write(model_json)
# Example usage
onnx_to_json('model.onnx', 'model.json')
 
Thats what I am doing
All of the weights and biases show as just a hex string representing some binary
 
